Okay, please pay attention for a moment. Before we set off, there are a few rules and suggestions for you.
Yes, Mr. Jackson.
First, is everyone wearing strong shoes and thick socks?
Okay, whenever you go walking in the hills, you should always wear proper clothes.
Now, you mustn't walk too close to the edge of the hill path because you might fall and hurt yourselves.
Is that clear?
Yes.
And you have to keep together so you don't get lost.
You mustn't go off on your own.
No, we won't, Mr. Jackson.
Can we have something to eat now? I'm starving.
No, you can't, Starming. You just had breakfast an hour ago.
Let's start walking and we'll stop at noon for our picnic.
Don't drink all your water in one go. You may need some later.
Can we go rock climbing?
No, you can't. And you must be careful of falling stones.
Okay, off we go down this path and across the stream and then we'll...
Have lunch!
Have lunch when we get up to the top. Come on, I'll leave the way.
It should be a fairly smooth walk to begin with because it's a straight path.
But it'll start to get difficult soon.